# LLM generated News Dataset

## Overview:

The provided dataset is the dataset from our paper titled "[Seeing Through AI’s Lens: Enhancing Human Skepticism Towards LLM-Generated Fake News](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3648188.3675136)."
This dataset has been collected for research purposes and is intended to assist researchers in detecting AI generated news. If you decide to use this dataset, please make sure to cite [our paper](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.1145/3648188.3675136). 


## Dataset Description:

This dataset comprises 3000 news articles sourced from reputable outlets, including ABC News, Aljazeera, American Press, Associated Press News, CBS News, CNN, NBC News, Reuters, and The Guardian. The primary focus of collected news is aligned with one of the following six topics: sports, celebrities, history and religion, politics and government, social culture and civil rights, science and information technology. Four different LLMs (GPT 3.5, Mistral-7B, Llama2-7B, and Llama2-13B) were utilized to generate LLM counterparts of the original articles in three different levels of fake: 1. Article Rephrasing, 2. Article Extending, and 3. Summary Expanding. To see more details, please check the paper.


## Columns' guidance:

agency: The source outlet of the news article.
title: The title of the news article.
main: The original human-written news article.
words: The word count of the original article.
topic: The main topic of the news article specified using BERTopic.
rephrase: LLM counterpart of the original news article generated using "Article Rephrasing" strategy.
expanded: LLM counterpart of the original news article generated using "Article Extending" strategy.
summary: The summary of the original aricle.
summary_expanded: LLM counterpart of the original news article generated using " Summary Expanding" strategy.


## Files' guidance:

chatgpt.csv: The LLM-generated counterparts have been generated by GPT3.5 model.
llama2_7b.csv: The LLM-generated counterparts have been generated by Llama2 7b model.
llama2_13b.csv: The LLM-generated counterparts have been generated by Llama2 13b model.
mistral_7b.csv: The LLM-generated counterparts have been generated by Mistral 7b.


## How to import in Python:
```python
import pandas as pd

dataset_directory = "C:/dataset_folder/" #Change this according to your directory

chatgpt_news = pd.read_pickle(dataset_directory+'chatgpt.csv')
llama2_7b_news = pd.read_pickle(dataset_directory+'llama2_7b.csv')
llama2_13b_news = pd.read_pickle(dataset_directory+'llama2_13b.csv')
mistral_news = pd.read_pickle(dataset_directory+'mistral_7b.csv')

#Original human-wirren articles:
HANA = chatgpt_news['main']
```


## Citation:
If you find our dataset useful in your research, please consider citing our paper:
```
@inproceedings{ayoobi2024seeing,
  title={Seeing Through AI's Lens: Enhancing Human Skepticism Towards LLM-Generated Fake News},
  author={Ayoobi, Navid and Shahriar, Sadat and Mukherjee, Arjun},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the 35th ACM Conference on Hypertext and Social Media},
  pages={1--11},
  year={2024}
}
```

## Contact:
If you have any questions or need further assistance regarding this dataset, please feel free to contact us at nayoobi@cougarnet.uh.edu.


